Add List New/Updated Contacts By Page (Incrementally) method information (#361)
cyclr/docs: pages/connector-authentication/zoho.md

sidebar: cyclr_sidebar
permalink: zoho
tags: [connector]

---

## Partner setup

This page explains how to setup access to Zoho so you can use the Zoho connector in Cyclr.

### OAuth Setup

To register your Cyclr Partner with Zoho, create a **Client** in your [Zoho API Console](https://accounts.zoho.com/developerconsole).

For more information, see [Zoho's documentation](https://www.zoho.com/accounts/protocol/oauth-setup.html).

1.  When it asks which **Client Type** you want to create, select **Server-based Application**.

    ![A screenshot of the Client Type options.](./images/Zoho_ClientType.png)

2.  Enter an **Authorized Redirect URL** with the following format:

    {% raw %}`https://{{Your Cyclr Service Domain}}/connector/callback`{% endraw %}

    For example, ```https://app-h.cyclr.com/connector/callback```

> **Note**: You can find your **Service Domain** in your Cyclr console from the **Settings** menu then **General Settings**.

## Cyclr setup

### Account setup

> Once you have your Client ID and Client Secret from Zoho, go to your Cyclr Console > **Connectors** > **Application Connector Library** and search for **Zoho CRM**. Select the padlock icon next on **Zoho CRM** to use these values every time you install the connector.

Reviewer: The doc doesn't say where to get the ID and Secret from like most of the other connector docs do

### Domain property

When you install the **Zoho CRM** connector, use the domain part of the URL that shows in the web browser when you are signed into the Zoho CRM account.

> **Note**: If you have a Zoho CRM Plus subscription, use the normal domain format `https://crm.zoho.com` instead of `https://crmplus.zoho.com`.

## Additional information

### Scopes

The scopes default to `ZohoCRM.modules.ALL,ZohoCRM.users.ALL,ZohoCRM.org.ALL,ZohoCRM.settings.roles.ALL`, but you can enter your own scopes if you want to restrict the connector's access further.

For more information, see Zoho's documentation on [available scopes](https://www.zoho.com/crm/developer/docs/api/v2/scopes.html).

### List New/Updated Contacts By Page (incrementally)

> To use this method, follow these steps to setup your cycle: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this method, follow these steps to set up your cycle: 
```
set up is two separate words when used as a verb
